Add Traefik migration to docs (#2184)
rancher/rancher-docs: docs/getting-started/installation-and-upgrade/install-upgrade-on-a-kubernetes-cluster/rancher-on-gke.md

The cluster needs an Ingress so that Rancher can be accessed from outside the cluster. Installing an Ingress requires allocating a public IP address. Ensure you have sufficient quota, otherwise it will fail to assign the IP address. Limits for public IP addresses are applicable at a regional level per subscription. You can use a managed ingress controller provided by GCP or a third-party ingress controller like Traefik.

:::Warning
It is not recommended to install a third-party ingress controller like Traefik if a managed ingress controller is already being used
:::

::: Warning
**Ingress-NGINX EOL:** The community `ingress-nginx` controller reaches End-of-Life (EOL) in March 2026. This guide uses Traefik, which is the recommended migration path for Rancher environments. 
:::

Traefik includes a native Ingress NGINX provider. This allows you to migrate from NGINX without rewriting your existing Ingress objects, as Traefik will automatically interpret `nginx.ingress.kubernetes.io` annotations. If you are upgrading a cluster that is already using `ingress-nginx` follow this [guide](https://doc.traefik.io/traefik/migrate/nginx-to-traefik/) for more information.

> To install Traefik (chart version 39.0.0) on a fresh cluster , follow the next steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install Traefik (chart version 39.0.0) on a fresh cluster, run the following `helm` commands:
```
